ULTIMATELY FERTILE NATION
( No barren in the Land )Ex 26:23, Deut 7:14

... God’s grace provides for the barren ones' a joyful home with children so that even childless couples find a family. He makes them happy parents surrounded by their pride and joy.
Children are God’s love-gift; they are heaven’s generous reward.
(Psalms 127:3 TPT, Psalms 113:9 TPT)
 Therefore, “When the world says: ‘give up,’... Be remind that the most fertile lands were built by the fires of volcanoes !!! then hope will whisper, ‘try one more time... Only this time add a little Faith in God'."

WHY INFERTILITY?

fertility is the ability of an individual or couple to reproduce through normal sexual activity. About 90 percent of healthy, fertile women are able to conceive within one year if they have intercourse with their healthy male partner regularly without contraception. While In contrast to the foregoing, infertility is inability to get pregnant as a woman or inability of a man to impregnate a woman which is a major challenge as it poses a difficulty in couples achieving conception and rubs most women the joy of motherhood.
Essentially, Infertility is diagnosed in couples trying to get pregnant with frequent, unprotected sexual intercourse for at least a year with no success most inclusively, some couples who have been able to get pregnant at least once before, but now are unable to conceive over the years.  It is important to state that Infertility may results from female factors as well as male factors. The cause is mostly a combination of male and female factors in the majority cases. 

WHAT COULD CAUSE INFERTILITY???
There a numerous factors affecting a woman's fertility level. These principally includes but not limited to the following:
#1. AGE FACTOR: The quality and quantity of a woman's eggs begin to decline with age advancement.
When to see the Doctor can depend on your age:
@Up to age 35, most doctors recommend trying to get pregnant for at least a year before testing or treatment.
@If you're between 35 and 40, discuss your concerns with your doctor after six months of trying.
@If you're older than 40, your doctor might suggest testing or treatment right away.

#2. HORMONAL IMBALANCE issue that prevents ovulation.

#3. IRREGULAR menstrual cycle: A menstrual cycle that's too long (35 days or more), too short (less than 21 days), irregular or absent can mean that you're not ovulating.

#4. Endometriosis & Structural complications: (problems with the fallopian tubes, uterus or ovaries): if you or your partner has a known medical history of fertility problems, or if you have a history of irregular or painful periods, pelvic inflammatory disease like PCOS and multiple fibroids, repeated miscarriages, cancerous degeneration, endometriosis.

Can I still conceive my own child? YES YOU CAN !!!
INTRODUCING THE ALL-ENCOMPASSING ULTIMATE FEMALE FERTILITY AS THE EFFECTIVE SOLUTION.
With many years of experience and research in reproductive health, Our team of professionals have put together a unique blend of natural concentrates discreetly proportioned in 1500mg single dose of Ultimate female fertility bag. The unique ingredients in the composition accounts for its guaranteed 100% satisfactory results and unmatched efficiency in resolving both acute and chronic infertility issues thereby causing families to experience the warmth love of their own offsprings and the joy of parenthood. Our Ultimate female fertlity concentrate is a safe and effective blend of naturally sourced herbs that support reproductive health, aid natural conception, boosts regular ovulation to optimise your fertility potential. Offering a holistic approach to fertility and preconception. 


Why choose Us over others????
Our ULTIMATE FEMALE FERTILITY is often specially recommended because it has: 

#1. Proven to be a major Fertility booster:  This unique blend of natural ingredients Provides essential vitamins and nutrients to support natural reproductive menstrual cycle + improves ovulation in Females.	Proven to promote hormonal balancing, natural fertility + conception and complete reproductive wellness. These concentrates are designed to support female fertility in totality. 15 individually-sealed bags with natural strawberry pomegranate flavor making it uniquely tasty + conveniently Providing on-the-go fertility support.


#2. Rare natural INGREDIENTS in appropriate proportions:
Amongst the numerous constituting ingredients of our ULTIMATE FEMALE FERTILITY concentrate is made up of:


whatsapp link: https://wa.link/31q1jj
phone number: 09082013666